>> Woodruff: A NEW STUDY SHOWS
MORE ICE MELTING IN THE ARCTIC
MEANS THE WORLD IS GETTING
WARMER.
A DAY AFTER SECRETARY OF STATE
JOHN KERRY DECLARED CLIMATE
CHANGE THE GREATEST CHALLENGE OF
OUR GENERATION.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
ALSO AHEAD TONIGHT, A FLORIDA
MAN ACCUSED OF KILLING A
TEENAGER AND WOUNDING FOUR
OTHERS, IS CONVICTED ON LESSER
CHARGES, REOPENING A NATIONAL
DEBATE ABOUT RACE, SELF DEFENSE
AND THE LAW.
ALTERNATIVE TO MEDICAID
EXPANSION.
AN ARKANSAS PROGRAM THAT USES
FEDERAL FUNDS TO BUY PRIVATE
INSURANCE FOR LOW-INCOME
RESIDENTS
>> THE FIRST THING I DID WAS GO
TO MY GENERAL PRACTITIONER, AND
I WALKED IN THE ROOM AND SHE
LOOKED AT ME AND SHE SAID, OK,
WE HAVE INSURANCE NOW, WHERE DO
YOU WANT TO START?
>> Woodruff: THOSE ARE JUST SOME
OF THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.